doc: add SAFE vs nxtp benchmark (#115)
statechannels/SAFE-protocol: doc/benchmark.md

# Summary

> We argue that SAFE is cheaper than alternative swap protocols, especially where exit chain fees are lower than entry chain fees.

Reviewer: Because I think of SAFE as a technique for batching transfers without introducing security issues, rather than a competing swap protocol, I prefer wording this a little less strongly:

```suggestion
We argue that SAFE would lead to cheaper swap protocols, especially where exit chain fees are lower than entry chain fees, by observing an order of magnitude reduction in fees compared with NXTP.
```
